- ## Isaiah 3:1-3, 8-15
  Version:: #AKJV
  id:: 63a21f6c-1e72-4e2b-b4e6-3fcadde96507
	- ### Isaiah 3:1-3
		- 1 For, behold, the Lord, the Lord of hosts,
		  doth take away from Jerusalem and from Judah the stay and the staff,
		  the whole stay of bread, and the whole stay of water,
		- 2 the mighty man, and the man of war,
		  the judge, and the prophet, and the prudent, and the ancient,
		- 3 the captain of fifty, and the honourable man,
		  and the counsellor, and the cunning artificer, and the eloquent orator.
	- ### Isaiah 3:8-15
		- 8 For Jerusalem is ruined, and Judah is fallen:
		  because their tongue and their doings *are* against the Lord,
		  to provoke the eyes of his glory.
		- 9 The shew of their countenance doth witness against them;
		  and they declare their sin as Sodom, they hide *it* not.
		  Woe unto their soul! for they have rewarded evil unto themselves.
		- 10 Say ye to the righteous, that *it shall be* well *with him:*
		  for they shall eat the fruit of their doings.
		- 11 Woe unto the wicked! *it shall be* ill *with him:*
		  for the reward of his hands shall be given him.
		- 12 *As for* my people, children *are* their oppressors,
		  and women rule over them.
		  O my people, they which lead thee cause *thee* to err,
		  and destroy the way of thy paths.
		- 13 The Lord standeth up to plead,
		  and standeth to judge the people.
		- 14 The Lord will enter into judgment
		  with the ancients of his people, and the princes thereof:
		  for ye have eaten up the vineyard;
		  the spoil of the poor *is* in your houses.
		- 15 What mean ye *that* ye beat my people to pieces,
		  and grind the faces of the poor? saith the Lord God of hosts.