- ## Mark 1:14-28
  Version:: #AKJV
  id:: 63a20d2c-e58d-460b-8c93-6e00fe683799
	- 14 Now after that John was put in prison, Jesus came into Galilee, preaching the gospel of the kingdom of God,
	- 15 and saying, The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent ye, and believe the gospel.
	- 16 Now as he walked by the sea of Galilee, he saw Simon and Andrew his brother casting a net into the sea: for they were fishers.
	- 17 And Jesus said unto them, Come ye after me, and I will make you to become fishers of men.
	- 18 And straightway they forsook their nets, and followed him.
	- 19 And when he had gone a little further thence, he saw James the *son* of Zebedee, and John his brother, who also were in the ship mending their nets.
	- 20 And straightway he called them: and they left their father Zebedee in the ship with the hired servants, and went after him.
	- 21 And they went into Capernaum; and straightway on the sabbath day he entered into the synagogue, and taught.
	- 22 And they were astonished at his doctrine: for he taught them as one that had authority, and not as the scribes.
	- 23 And there was in their synagogue a man with an unclean spirit; and he cried out,
	- 24 saying, Let *us* alone; what have we to do with thee, thou Jesus of Nazareth? art thou come to destroy us? I know thee who thou art, the Holy One of God.
	- 25 And Jesus rebuked him, saying, Hold thy peace, and come out of him.
	- 26 And when the unclean spirit had torn him, and cried with a loud voice, he came out of him.
	- 27 And they were all amazed, insomuch that they questioned among themselves, saying, What thing is this? what new doctrine *is* this? for with authority commandeth he even the unclean spirits, and they do obey him.
	- 28 And immediately his fame spread abroad throughout all the region round about Galilee.