- ## Psalm 18:1-20
  id:: 63a1e7f2-d85e-4092-9eaf-bf1aa1d8e74f
  Scripture Version:: #AKJV
	- #### To the chief Musician, *A Psalm* of David, the servant of the Lord, who spake unto the Lord the words of this song in the day *that* the Lord delivered him from the hand of all his enemies, and from the hand of Saul: And he said,
	- 1 I will love thee, O Lord, my strength.
	- 2 The Lord *is* my rock, and my fortress, and my deliverer;
	  my God, my strength, in whom I will trust;
	  my buckler, and the horn of my salvation, *and* my high tower.
	- 3 I will call upon the Lord, *who is worthy* to be praised:
	  so shall I be saved from mine enemies.
	- 4 The sorrows of death compassed me,
	  and the floods of ungodly men made me afraid.
	- 5 The sorrows of hell compassed me about:
	  the snares of death prevented me.
	- 6 In my distress I called upon the Lord, and cried unto my God:
	  he heard my voice out of his temple,
	  and my cry came before him, *even* into his ears.
	- 7 Then the earth shook and trembled;
	  the foundations also of the hills moved and were shaken,
	  because he was wroth.
	- 8 There went up a smoke out of his nostrils,
	  and fire out of his mouth devoured:
	  coals were kindled by it.
	- 9 He bowed the heavens also, and came down:
	  and darkness *was* under his feet.
	- 10 And he rode upon a cherub, and did fly:
	  yea, he did fly upon the wings of the wind.
	- 11 He made darkness his secret place;
	  his pavilion round about him *were* dark waters
	  *and* thick clouds of the skies.
	- 12 At the brightness *that was* before him his thick clouds passed,
	  hail *stones* and coals of fire.
	- 13 The Lord also thundered in the heavens,
	  and the Highest gave his voice;
	  hail *stones* and coals of fire.
	- 14 Yea, he sent out his arrows, and scattered them;
	  and he shot out lightnings, and discomfited them.
	- 15 Then the channels of waters were seen,
	  and the foundations of the world were discovered
	  at thy rebuke, O Lord,
	  at the blast of the breath of thy nostrils.
	- 16 He sent from above, he took me,
	  he drew me out of many waters.
	- 17 He delivered me from my strong enemy,
	  and from them which hated me:
	  for they were too strong for me.
	- 18 They prevented me in the day of my calamity:
	  but the Lord was my stay.
	- 19 He brought me forth also into a large place;
	  he delivered me, because he delighted in me.
	- 20 The Lord rewarded me according to my righteousness;
	  according to the cleanness of my hands hath he recompensed me.